apply some Gigascience copyeditor changes (#75)
greenelab/xswap-manuscript: content/02.body.md

Consequently, degree-based predictions are more likely nonspecific, meaning the same set of predictions performs well for different tasks.

Depending on the prediction task, edge predictions involving very high-degree nodes may be undesired, uninsightful, or nonspecific.
While predictions based primarily on degree may be acceptable for some tasks, generating less obvious insights from networks requires drawing inferences from the specific connections and network structure between nodes.
Model evaluation is challenging in this context: nonspecific or trivial predictions can dominate performance evaluations and may actually be correct, even if they are not the desired outputs of the predictive model.
For example, predicting that the highest degree node in a network shares edges with the remaining nodes to which it is not connected will often lead to many correct predictions, despite this prediction being generic to all other nodes in the network.

Degree is important in edge prediction, but it can cause undesired effects.

> Degree-based features should often be included in the interpretation of predictions to disentangle desired from undesired effects and to effectively evaluate and compare predictive models.

Author: we might want to make this change (nondesired --> undesired) in the Gigascience version as well

We introduce the edge prior to quantify the probability that two nodes are connected based only on their degree.
The edge prior can be estimated using the fraction of permuted networks in which a given edge exists.

> In short, for a given node pair (a, b), given $N$ permutations of the network, and given that $m$ of these permutation contains (a, b), the prior for (a, b) is $m \mathbin{/} N$, which is also the maximum likelihood estimate for the binomial distribution success probability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, for a given node pair (a, b), given $N$ permutations of the network, and given that $m$ of these permutations contain (a, b), the prior for (a, b) is $m \mathbin{/} N$, which is also the maximum likelihood estimate for the binomial distribution success probability.
```
I think we want to say that a certain number of edges (plural) contain the edge.

Author: Ah yes, I like your suggestion best. You can change that in the PXE editor as well.
